Date: 03/10/2022 Participants: Ahmed Elalamy, Ghita Tagemouati, Khadija Tagemouati, Noémien Kocher

## Updates

Each member of the team has created a PR:
- Khadija added types on index.tsx
- Ghita started changing "election" to "form" in the codebase. She mentions having spent a lot of time trying to make the nodes work
- Ahmed changed the favicon

## ToDo Next

For the presentation we should be able to tell what everyone would be doing during the semester. It doesn't have to be precise but has to show that we have a plan. 
We decide with Noémien what everyone wants to do.

## Others

We try to configure the linter on everyone's machine. It was not easy.
